Coredev meeting notes December 2022 (#24)
nilearn/admin: meeting_notes/2022/20_12_2022.rst

General points
--------------

- NiiVue discussion
    - https://niivue.github.io/niivue/

>     - review of the points raised at the niivue project

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - review of the points raised at a previous niivue meeting
```

        - introduction to niivue
        - python API for niivue so that it can be used with nilearn
            - nilearn need to script visualization
            - callbacks (need for a niivue server?)
    - next steps
        - show some examples with niivue
            - ipyniivue : https://github.com/niivue/ipyniivue
                - eliz finds this is slow on binder ? is it a memory requirement ?
            - https://niivue.github.io/niivue/features/alphathreshold.html
            - Currently in use in FSL docs : https://git.fmrib.ox.ac.uk/fsl
    - Suggested actions items

>         - Work with NiiVue on Python API

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - Work with NiiVue team on Python API
```

        - Where can Nilearn functionality be replaced by NiiVue
    - Could start it as a satellite project that can be later merged
    - Start with generating examples with what NiiVue can do that's not possible in Nilearn
    - NiiVue API: https://niivue.github.io/niivue/devdocs/Niivue.html

> **Not discussed because of lack of time, send email about these:**

Reviewer: I suggest that we simply keep the Office hours discussion for next time. Of course, we should discuss the release meanwhile.

Author: Fine with me!
